feat: deploy contracts without const address deployer (#72)
topos-network/topos-smart-contracts: README.md

- TOPOS_MESSAGING_SALT: salt for the `ToposMessaging` contract
- PRIVATE_KEY: the private key of the account to be used to deploy contracts

### Deployment of the contracts on dynamic addresses

> To deploy the full Topos Messaging Protocol on dynamic contract addresses (could be any Ethereum compatible network, not just Polygon Edge network with predeployed const address deloyer contract), `deploy:topos-msg-protocol-dynamic` npm script is available. This script is intented for usage primarily during development. It deploys the following contracts:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deploy the full Topos Messaging Protocol on dynamic contract addresses (could be any Ethereum compatible network, not just Polygon Edge network with predeployed const address deployer contract), `deploy:topos-msg-protocol-dynamic` npm script is available. This script is intended for usage primarily during development. It deploys the following contracts:
```

> - `TokenDeployer` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `TokenDeployer`
```
